pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementfactory/CreateCar.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementfactory.CreateCar
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementfactory/MovableElementsFactory.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementfactory.MovableElementsFactory
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/Arena.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Arena
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/movable/Turtle.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.movable.Turtle
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementfactory/CreateTreeTrunk.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementfactory.CreateTreeTrunk
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/nonmovable/Water.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.nonmovable.Water
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/state/State.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.state.State
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/movable/MovableElement.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.movable.MovableElement
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/movable/Car.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.movable.Car
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementcommand/Command.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementcommand.Command
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/menus/Level.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Level
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Level$1
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/state/LoseState.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.state.LoseState
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/Application.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Application
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementcommand/MoveLeft.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementcommand.MoveLeft
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/PositionRange.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.PositionRange
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/menus/Win.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Win
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementcommand/MoveRight.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementcommand.MoveRight
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/state/WinState.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.state.WinState
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/menus/Lose.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Lose
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/state/MenuState.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.state.MenuState
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/nonmovable/Road.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.nonmovable.Road
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/menus/Instructions.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Instructions
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/nonmovable/Sidewalk.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.nonmovable.Sidewalk
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/nonmovable/NonMovableElement.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.nonmovable.NonMovableElement
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/nonmovable/Grass.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.nonmovable.Grass
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementfactory/CreateFrog.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementfactory.CreateFrog
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/Game.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Game
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Game$1
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Game$2
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/movable/TreeTrunk.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.movable.TreeTrunk
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/elementfactory/CreateTurtle.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.elementfactory.CreateTurtle
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/state/GameState.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.state.GameState
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/movable/Frog.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.movable.Frog
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/Position.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.Position
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/menus/Menu.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Menu
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.menus.Menu$1
pt/up/fe/ldts/frogger/gameelement/Element.java
 pt.up.fe.ldts.frogger.gameelement.Element
